I love you. I always have. And when we were kids, you were my best friend. You don't even know how much I look up to you.
That's not true. How could you? I'm a loser. No one would ever want me.
Do I disgust you?
No, no, no, no. I just need to... No, you're good.
Look, I just called my assistant. He's gonna come here any second. We're gonna take you home, okay?
Home. I don't have home anymore. My husband just dumped me.
Oh God, help me! Help me! Come on! Get out of here.
Well, we're too, Mr. Raphael. Get over here and help me!
You'll cut a situation again.
Let's get out of here.
Let's do the couch. Alright, three, two, one.
Get a blanket and some pillows.
Now, please, it's good to see you, man.